# Artificial Intelligence for Mining Operations Management System

MinERP is a Mining Operations Management System. Web application mining operations management system. OpenMines is a Python-based simulation environment designed for truck dispatching in mining operations. ERPNext Cargo Management is a fully-fledged ERPNext solution designed for freight forwarding companies. AuMMS ( Gold Manufacturing Management System ) is a Frappe App to facilitate the Operations in Gold Manufacturing. Triton Mining Co. is an open-source deep-sea exploration initiative focused on AI-driven AUVs, seabed mapping, and environmental monitoring. ROS2-TMS is an IoRT (Internet of Robotic Things) library for TMS (Town Management System). Python library for mineral prospectivity mapping. SmartMine project, is a cutting-edge AI-powered mining simulator. Mining-Gym is an open-source, configurable benchmarking environment for optimizing truck dispatch scheduling in open-pit mining using Reinforcement Learning (RL). MineSim-Dynamic is a Scenario Library and Benchmark for Dynamic Obstacle Avoidance Planning in Open-Pit Mines. Python module for drillhole database management. HyperSpy is an open source Python library for the interactive analysis of multidimensional datasets. Mapbox GL JS is a JavaScript library for interactive, customizable vector maps on the web. OpenJUMP Desktop-GIS software provides a swiss-knife of tools to analyze and edit huge GIS-datasets. The Geostatistics & Machine Learning C++ Library. Machine learning framework for reservoir simulation. Spatial and spatio-temporal geostatistical modelling, prediction and simulation. Albion plugin provides tools to create 3D geological models in QGIS. A Blender add-on with a collection of tools for 3D geological modelling, primarily designed for mineral exploration. FreeCAD Trails Workbench (Transportation and Geomatics). Open-source python module for mineral resource estimation and geostatistics. A PyQt5 app catered to the exploration industry for visualizing geologic drill hole data.

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.

